Banging your head against a wall for one hour burns 150 calories.
In Switzerland, it is illegal to own just one guinea pig.
Pteronophobia is the fear of being tickled by feathers.
Snakes can predict earthquakes.
Crows often hold grudges against specific people.
The oldest “your mom” joke was discovered on a 3,500-year-old Babylonian tablet.
Two infectious diseases have been successfully wiped out: Smallpox and Rinderpest.
May 29 is officially “Put a Pillow on Your Fridge Day.”
Cherophobia is the irrational fear of fun or happiness.
7% of American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
If you lift a kangaroo’s tail off the ground, it can’t hop.
Bananas are curved because they grow towards the sun.
Most Korean people don’t have armpit odor.
The original London Bridge is now in Arizona.
During your lifetime, you will produce enough saliva to fill 50 bathtubs!
If Pinocchio said “My Nose Will Grow Now,” it would create a paradox.
Polar bears could eat as many as 10 penguins in a single sitting…
Car manufacturer Volkswagen makes sausages.
Movie trailers were originally shown after the movie, which is why they’re called “trailers.”
Hawaiian pizza is a Canadian invention.
The smallest bone in your body is in your ear.
Tennis players can be fined up to $20,000 for swearing while playing at Wimbledon.
Only 5% of the ocean has been explored.
Most people fart around 14 to 23 times a day!
There is a species of spider called the Hobo Spider.
A lion’s roar can be heard from 5 miles away.
Saint Lucia is the only country in the world named after a woman.
The national animal of Scotland is a unicorn.
The United States Navy uses Xbox controllers for their periscopes.
The following can be read forward and backward: Do geese see God?
A baby octopus is about the size of a flea when it is born.
A sheep, a duck, and a rooster were the first passengers to take a trip in a hot air balloon.
In Uganda, around 48% of the population is under 15 years of age.
On average, men get bored of a shopping trip after 26 minutes.
In the 16th Century, Turkish women could initiate divorce if their husbands didn’t provide enough coffee.
Recycling just one tin can saves enough energy to watch television for 3 hours.
After the premiere of 16 and Pregnant, teen pregnancy rates dropped.
Squirrels cause approximately 10-20% of US power outages.
Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter are all banned in China.
95% of people text things they could never say in person.
Honeybees can recognize human faces.
The Battle of Hastings didn’t actually take place in Hastings.
Human blood cells have different lifespans.
A swarm of 20,000 bees followed a car for two days because their queen was stuck inside.
Eating carrots can turn your skin orange.
Bob Dylan’s birth name was Robert Zimmerman.
A crocodile can’t poke its tongue out.
Sea otters hold hands when they sleep so they don’t drift away from each other.
A small child could swim through the veins of a blue whale.
The word “y’all” dates back to at least 1631.
J.K. Rowling chose the unusual name “Hermione” so young girls wouldn’t be teased for being nerdy.
Hewlett-Packard’s (also known as HP) name was decided in a coin toss in 1939.
There are a total of 1,710 steps in the Eiffel Tower.
The names of the Pokémon Hitmonlee and Hitmonchan are based on Bruce Lee and Jackie Chan.
Pigs are considered to be the world’s fifth-smartest animal.
Pirates wore earrings because they believed they improved their eyesight.
Los Angeles original name is “El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora la Reina de Los Angeles de Porciuncula.”
The Twitter bird actually has a name – Larry.
Octopuses actually have six arms and two legs!
Pound cake got its name because the original recipe contained a pound of butter, sugar, flour, and eggs.
There are only two times that we know of that snow fell in the Sahara desert.
Mike Tyson once offered a zoo attendant $10,000 to let him fight a gorilla.
ABBA turned down 1 billion dollars to do a reunion tour.
Abraham Lincoln fed his cat with a gold fork.
The first alarm clock could only ring at 4 am.
Some insects and small birds see the world in slow motion.
A goat called William Windsor served as a Lance Corporal in the British Army.
The most venomous jellyfish in the world is the Irukandji.
March 20th is known as Snowman Burning Day.
Queen Elizabeth II can’t sit on the Iron Throne from Game of Thrones.
There is an official Wizard of New Zealand.
An apple, potato, and onion taste the same if you eat them with your nose plugged.
The longest word you’re likely to encounter on an everyday basis is “uncharacteristically.”
A company in Poland makes dinnerware out of wheat so that you can eat your plate!
The average person walks the equivalent of five times around the world in their lifetime.
Michael Jackson offered to make a Harry Potter musical, but the offer was rejected.
The world record for stuffing drinking straws into your mouth at once is 650.
Nutella was invented shortly after WWII ended because chocolate was so expensive.
North Korea has its own space program.
According to Genesis 1:20-22, the chicken came before the egg.
Ants leave maps for other ants when they walk.
Tears contain a natural painkiller, which reduces pain and improves your mood.
Saturn is the only planet in our solar system that could float in water.
Male cats have longer tails than female cats.
Dolly Parton lost in a Dolly Parton look-alike contest.
George W. Bush was once a cheerleader.
In total, there are 205 bones in the skeleton of a horse.
Coca-Cola once bought all the website URLs that can be read as ahh, all the way up to 62 h’s.
Each year there are more than 40,000 toilet-related injuries in the US.
Strawberries can be red, yellow, green, or white.
Walt Disney World is the second-largest buyer of fireworks in the US.
Four people lived in a home for six months infested with over 2,000 venomous spiders.
Madonna has brontophobia, which is the fear of thunder.
In June 2017, the Facebook community reached 2 billion active users.
Samuel L. Jackson requested a purple lightsaber in Star Wars to accept the part as Mace Windu.
Paraskavedekatriaphobia is the fear of Friday the 13th.
Kleenex tissues were originally used as filters in gas masks.
In 1998, Sony accidentally sold 700,000 camcorders that could see through people’s clothes.
During your lifetime, you will spend around seventy-nine days brushing your teeth.
Ronald McDonald is “Donald McDonald” in Japan because it makes pronunciation easier for the Japanese.
info: https://www.thefactsite.com/top-100-random-funny-facts/